docs: add entry on footnote (#4833)
Codecademy/docs: content/markdown/concepts/footnotes/footnotes.md

---
Title: 'footnotes'

> Description: 'Footnotes are subscript numbers that appears at the end of a word or phrase. This is used in documentation to add notes and references in a way that does not clutter the files.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Description: 'Footnotes are subscript numbers that appear at the end of a word or phrase. This is used in documentation to add notes and references in a way that does not clutter the files.'
```

Subjects:
  - 'Developer Tools'
  - 'Web Development'
Tags:

>   - 'Footnotes'

Reviewer: Since this tag is not in Codecademy tags file you can add it there

Author: Hey @cigar-galaxy82. Can you elaborate on this please?

Reviewer: By this, I mean we have a list of tags that are in the tags.md file and since this tag is not there already you can add it there

  - 'Documentation'
  - 'GitHub'
CatalogContent:
  - 'learn-html'
  - 'paths/front-end-engineer-career-path'
---

In Markdown,**footnotes** are subscript numbers to add notes and references to documentation in a way that keeps the content organized.

## Syntax

In Markdown, short footnotes uses the following syntax,

```md
This is a text[^1]
[^1]: This is a reference.
```

For footnotes that are more than a sentence, use the following syntax:

```md
[^bignote]:
    This is a reference that is used to correlate it to the document.
    It is It is best to read it alongside the paragraph it is used to help users gain a better understanding the docuemntation.
```

## Example #1

> In below example, the sentence uses compares the tool, Pieces to Tinkerbell and its footnotes elaborates on who Tinkerbell is. This is done to make the correlation clearer for a user who might not be familiar with this character.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In the below example, the sentence compares the tool, Pieces to Tinkerbell, and its footnotes elaborate on who Tinkerbell is. This is done to make the correlation clearer for a user who might not be familiar with this character.
```
